README.md, before:

# VoiceInk

VoiceInk is a powerful macOS application that transforms your voice into text in real-time, providing a seamless and efficient way to capture your thoughts, create content, and transcribe audio.

## Features

- 🎙️ Real-time voice transcription
- 💻 Native macOS application
- 🚀 Powered by whisper.cpp for efficient, local transcription
- 🔒 Privacy-focused: All processing happens locally on your device
- ⚡ Fast and responsive interface
- 📝 Easy-to-use text editor

## Requirements

- macOS 14.0 or later
- Xcode (latest version recommended)
- Swift (latest version recommended)
- whisper.cpp

## Installation

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/VoiceInk.git
cd VoiceInk
```

2. Open the project in Xcode
```bash
open VoiceInk.xcodeproj
```

3. Build and run the project

## Building from Source

1. Ensure you have all the requirements installed
2. Open the project in Xcode
3. Build the project using Cmd+B or Product > Build
4. Run the project using Cmd+R or Product > Run

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please read our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) guide before submitting any changes.

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please:
1. Check the existing issues in the GitHub repository
2. Create a new issue if your problem isn't already reported
3. Provide as much detail as possible about your environment and the problem

## Acknowledgments

- [whisper.cpp](https://github.com/ggerganov/whisper.cpp) for providing the core transcription capabilities
- All contributors who help make this project better

---

Made with ❤️ by the VoiceInk team

Commit message:

docs: reorganize documentation and add detailed building guide

README.md, after:

# VoiceInk

VoiceInk is a powerful macOS application that transforms your voice into text in real-time, providing a seamless and efficient way to capture your thoughts, create content, and transcribe audio.

## Features

- 🎙️ Real-time voice transcription
- 💻 Native macOS application
- 🚀 Powered by whisper.cpp for efficient, local transcription
- 🔒 Privacy-focused: All processing happens locally on your device
- ⚡ Fast and responsive interface
- 📝 Easy-to-use text editor

## Requirements

- macOS 14.0 or later
- whisper.cpp

## Documentation

- [Building from Source](BUILDING.md) - Detailed instructions for building the project
- [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) - How to contribute to VoiceInk
- [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) - Our community standards

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! However, please note that all contributions should align with the project's goals and vision. Before starting work on any feature or fix:

1. Read our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
2. Open an issue to discuss your proposed changes
3. Wait for maintainer feedback

For build instructions, see our [Building Guide](BUILDING.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please:
1. Check the existing issues in the GitHub repository
2. Create a new issue if your problem isn't already reported
3. Provide as much detail as possible about your environment and the problem

## Acknowledgments

- [whisper.cpp](https://github.com/ggerganov/whisper.cpp) for providing the core transcription capabilities
- All contributors who help make this project better

---

Made with ❤️ by the VoiceInk team
